PoC: Accelerator refactor (#5743)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/advanced/amp.rst

When using PyTorch 1.6+ Lightning uses the native amp implementation to support 16-bit.

.. testcode::

>     :skipif: not _APEX_AVAILABLE and not _NATIVE_AMP_AVAILABLE or torch.cuda.device_count() < 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :skipif: not _APEX_AVAILABLE and not _NATIVE_AMP_AVAILABLE or not torch.cuda.is_available()
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. testcode::

>     :skipif: not _APEX_AVAILABLE and not _NATIVE_AMP_AVAILABLE or torch.cuda.device_count() < 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :skipif: not _APEX_AVAILABLE and not _NATIVE_AMP_AVAILABLE or not torch.cuda.is_available()
```
